Update release process docs (#1626)
dotnet/dotnet-monitor: documentation/release-process.md

The `dotnet-docker` repository runs an update process each day that detects the latest version of a given `dotnet-monitor` channel. During the stabilization/testing/release period for a release of `dotnet-monitor`, the update process should be changed to pick up builds for the release branch.

The following variables for [dotnet-docker-update-dependencies](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/internal/_build?definitionId=470) need to be updated for release:
* `monitorXMinorVersion`: Make sure these are set to the correct values.
* `monitorXQuality`: Normally this is daily, but should be set to release.

> * `monitorXStableBranding`: Normally this is false, but should be set to true for release builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `monitorXStableBranding`: Normally this is false, but should be set to true when the package version is stable e.g. `dotnet-monitor.8.0.0.nupkg` (does not have a prerelease label on it such as `-preview.X` or `-rtm.X`.
```

1. Fix issues for the release in the release branch. Backport fixes to `main` branch and other prior release branches as needed.
1. Invoke [build](<#Build Release Branch>) pipeline as needed.
1. After successful build, test changes from [dotnet-tools](https://pkgs.dev.azure.com/dnceng/public/_packaging/dotnet-tools/nuget/v3/index.json) feed. Images from the `nightly` branch of the `dotnet-docker` repository will be recreated the next day after the successful build of the release branch.

> 1. Bump the version number in the `main` branch. [Example Pull Request](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-monitor/pull/1560). 

Reviewer: This should be moved to the "Merge to Release Branch" section as the last step. The main branch should have it's version update very shortly after completing the merge to the release branch in order to avoid having the main branch interfere with versioning of the release branch.
